[sniffles]
[exhales]
[Wyatt] All right, here's an easy one.
The Chronic.
"Intro" then "Fuck Wit Dre Day."
Sticky Fingers.
Uh, "Brown Sugar." Illmatic.
"The Genesis."
The White Album.
"Back in the USSR." The Black Album.
"Interlude" then "December 4th."
Red.
Oh, fuck you.
What-- [laughs]
You don't know it?
[inhales] Uh…
Taylor Swift's Red?
-Going once, going twice. [scoffs]
-[coughs]
-"State of Grace." [scoffs]
-Hmm.
[exhales, coughs, mutters]
-It feels like my tongue's asleep.
-[coughs]
[laughing]
-Tongue is asleep.
-Uh-huh. Mm-hmm.
-[inhales] Oh.
-Hmm.
[exhales] I was thinking,
we should get some, like, big-ass speakers
for outside on the porch there, like,
real festival-sized shit.
Hmm, and a guesthouse,
so if there's anyone
we don't wanna deal with,
we don't have to.
And that driveway there,
you know, the circular kind,
where you never even have to back up.
Put the pool over there.
-[inhales]
-What the fuck do we need a pool for?
-What do you mean? You always need a pool.
-Says who?
It's a big house.
If you got a big house… [exhales]
…you gotta have a pool, right?
Why do we need a fucking pool
when we have a lake?
You know what? You don't understand
the first thing about being fuckin' rich.
You don't have any idea either. Do you?
-No. [exhales]
-[both laughing]
-[Wyatt] I don't.
-[laughing]
[sniffles]
[Ruth] You know, you'd actually
have to give up sleeping up here.
-Yeah, I know. [exhales]
-[clears throat]
-Wanna know something crazy?
-Hmm.
-I'm, like, deathly afraid of heights.
-[laughing]
-What-- what the fuck--
-[laughs]
What the fuck are you talking about?
You come up here every night.
[Wyatt] I know.
How fucking stupid is that?
[laughing]
Fuck!
[sobbing]
I need you to clean something up for me,
then get to Chicago.
Okay, can you-- can you tell me
what you're talking about, Javi?
I set a meeting
for tomorrow morning at Shaw.
I want to renegotiate
the terms of our deal.
Okay, um, and-- and the cleanup?
Tell me-- tell me about that.
-What-- what do I have to clean up?
-Um… [chuckles]
I finally took care
of that hillbilly cunt.
[Marty] Wow. Really?
Um, why-- why the fuck did you do that?
My uncle should have done it
when she killed Del.
It's done now.
Clean it the fuck up,
and I'll see you in Chicago.
-You got it.
-[line beeps]
He expects us to clean up the scene
and then, uh, and then get to Chicago.
We gotta meet with Clare
at Shaw in the morning.
You didn't tell him about Ruth?
[Marty] Mm-hmm. Why would I do that?
She wants to kill him.
Okay, if I--
if I tell him, then, you know,
I put her in danger for no good reason.
How about keeping him alive
to keep our family safe?
I'd say that's a pretty good reason.
Wendy, you know him.
He'd kill her just for thinking it.
It's not our business.
[Marty scoffs]
-[Jonah] Of course it's our business.
-Look, this is not personal.
It's Ruth.
Look, can you just--
just let your father and I talk this out?
[Jonah] No, no. Hey, what could you
possibly still have to figure out?
She is talking about killing someone.
I'm-- I'm trying to figure out
a way to keep us all safe.
-Would you take me to the motel?
-[Wendy] Oh, come on, Jonah!
-[Charlotte] Sure.
-Can you just-- can you give us a second?
Jonah!
I'm right.
No, you're just-- you're being emotional.
-Are you fucking kidding me?
-I'm sorry, okay?
-I'll rip your tongue out of your mouth!
-I'm sorry. I just--
-Come on! Emotional!
-[Marty] We need to talk practically.
That's what I am doing.
If Javi dies,
we have no leverage against Navarro.
-He's not gonna die.
-[Wendy] We're as good as dead.
You're the one
who's always preaching safety!
-[Marty] Uh-huh.
-The safe thing is to tell him about Ruth.
-Why can't you admit that?
-Because it's bullshit, Wendy.
This isn't about safety.
This is about the foundation, right?
This is about you trying to do everything
to make sure nothing threatens the deal.
Do I want Javi to die
and fuck up everything we've sacrificed?
No.
Even more of a reason to warn him.
I-I won't get her killed, Wendy, okay?
She'd be getting herself killed.
Wow.
[Wendy] I know you care about her.
You know me. You might not believe it,
but I care about her too.
She's just-- she's not thinking
about what might happen to us.
Mm-hmm. Well, she's distracted.
Her cousin just got murdered.
She's trying to fucking kill the man.
She doesn't even know
what the guy looks like.
How's she gonna find him, huh?
And even if she does,
how's she gonna get to him?
Jesus!
All this and you still--
you don't understand people's will?
-["NY State of Mind" by Nas playing]
-♪ Yeah, yeah! ♪
-♪ Yo, Black, it's time, word ♪
-♪ Word, it's time, man ♪
-♪ It's time, man ♪
-♪ All right, begin ♪
♪ Yeah!
Straight out the fucking dungeons of rap ♪
♪ Where fake niggas don't make it back ♪
♪ I don't know how
To start this shit, yo ♪
♪ Now, rappers, I monkey flip 'em
With the funky rhythm ♪
♪ I be kicking
Musician inflicting composition ♪
♪ Of pain
I'm like Scarface sniffing cocaine ♪
♪ Holding an M16
See, with the pen, I'm extreme ♪
♪ Now bullet holes left in my peepholes ♪
♪ I'm suited up with street clothes
Hand me a nine and I'll defeat foes ♪
♪ Y'all know my steelo
With or without the airplay ♪
♪ I keep some E&J
Sitting bent up in the stairway ♪
♪ Or either on the corner betting Grants
With the Cee-Lo Champs… ♪
[music continues muffled]
[door opens, closes]
I need to know
where this Javi guy stays in the Ozarks.
[Jonah] I-I don't know.
He stayed at Helen's house once,
but I mean, the owners are back now.
Just please, fucking tell me something,
anything, please.
Look, I don't want you to get hurt.
He killed Wyatt.
Yeah, I know.
I just… [sighs]
I just need help.
[sniffles] Anything.
Please.
I'm begging you.
Why-- why-- why you keep looking at her?
What-- what-- what the fuck do you know?
[gasps]
Please.
If you ever cared about Wyatt at all.
[gasps] He's meeting tomorrow with
my parents at Shaw Medical in Chicago.
I don't know what time.
Thank you.
[Jonah sighs]
This is him.
It's from his business school yearbook.
[Ruth] I'll be okay.
You here to kill me?
Just wanted you to know
that we thought about it, and…
We know we owe you.
What does that fucking mean?
It means if you wanna kill Javi,
we won't stand in your way.
[huffs] Are you saying
you'll help deliver him to me?
He's on a plane back to Mexico right now.
We won't see him for a couple of months,
but when he comes back in the country,
if it's still what you want,
we'll make it happen.
Because you owe me?
That's right.
How many months?
[Wendy] I don't know.
Three, maybe.
[Ruth] Hmm.
You promise me?
'Cause I'll hold you fucking to it.
I know you will.
I promise.
All right, then.
Lying fucking bitch.
We have you booked with us for two nights.
Is that correct?
Mm-hmm. That's correct.
Tell me, is the penthouse available?
The Richard M. Daley Suite is available
at a rate of $1,300 a night.
Would you like to make that change?
-What the hell, right?
-[both chuckle]
[cell phone vibrating]
-Excuse me. Work.
-[chuckles]
I hope you're not calling me
with problems.
Well, I am, uh, I'm at the Snell farm,
and, um, uh,
it's-- it's crawling with cops.
[clerk] You're all set, sir.
[Javi sighs]
Just get to Chicago
and I need you to bring the financials
for my uncle's children.
Is that a problem?
No, no.
-Is there something else?
-Nope.
Nothing more.
-["Represent" by Nas playing]
-[man] Yo, what up, son?
-[man 2] What up, son?
-[rappers chattering]
[cell phone ringing]
-♪ Represent, represent! ♪
-♪ Yeah, yeah! ♪
-♪ Yeah… ♪
[exhales]
-♪ Represent, represent! ♪
-♪ Straight up, shit is real ♪
♪ And any day could be your last
In the jungle ♪
♪ Get murdered on a humble
Guns'll blast, niggas tumble ♪
♪ The corners is the hot spot ♪
♪ Full of mad criminals
Who don't care, guzzling beers ♪
-♪ We all stare at the out-of-towners ♪
-[man] Hey, yo, yo, who that?
♪ They better break north
Before we get the four pounders ♪
♪ And take their face off ♪
♪ The streets is filled with undercovers
Homicide chasing brothers ♪
♪ The D's on the roof trying
To watch us and knock us ♪
♪ And killer coppers
Even come through in helicopters ♪
♪ I drink a little vodka
Spark a L and hold a Glock for… ♪
[Ruth] I need a gun.
[Frank Jr.] You know, you just
talked me out of this exact thing.
Well, I was wrong.
[sighs] So, who do I have to thank
for taking care of Darlene?
[Ruth] It's probably better
if you don't know.
[Frank Jr. grunts]
[inhales]
It's clean.
Won't come back to no one.
Just make sure you dump it
after you use it.
Yeah.
[Frank Jr.] Don't get in your head.
Just keep it real simple.
Squeeze the trigger
like you're taking in a breath.
I'll buy you a drink when you get back.
-[man] Go! Get out of here! Go! Go!
-[crowd clamoring]
-["Life's a Bitch" by Nas playing]
-[cell phone ringing]
[volume lowers]
You fucking checking up on me?
'Cause Wendy already told me to chill out
so y'all can help me
when the time's right.
I-I-I just--
I just wanna make sure that you're okay.
Uh-huh.
Um…
Sheriff Guerrero called me.
She said that--
that you reported the bodies.
Well, I wouldn't have done that if
I was gonna do something stupid, would I?
She asked me if I knew where you were.
What-- what'd you tell her?
I, you know, I said that-- that
I had no idea, but that I would check.
You know, I can-- I can
help you keep your story straight.
Just tell me what you want me to say.
Just-- just play fucking dumb.
She sounded worried.
Look, I'll-- I'll-- I'll go see her soon.
And, um…
I'm-- I'm a little worried.
Look, I-I just-- I just need a minute
to get my head straight.
Are you sure that's all?
Ruth?
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Is this you asking
or your fucking foundation?
It's just me.
I wanna know if you're all right.
Yeah, I'm okay.
You don't gotta worry about me.
[call disconnects]
-[volume raises]
-["Life's a Bitch" playing]
♪ 'Cause you never know
When you're gonna go ♪
♪ Life's a bitch and then you die
That's why we puff lye ♪
♪ 'Cause you never know
When you're gonna go ♪
♪ Life's a bitch and then you die
That's why we get high ♪
♪ 'Cause you never know
When you're gonna go ♪
♪ Life's a bitch and then you die
That's why we puff lye ♪ [echoes]
♪ I woke up early on my born day
I'm 20, it's a blessing ♪
♪ The essence of adolescence
Leaves my body ♪
♪ Now I'm fresh, and my physical frame
Is celebrated 'cause I made it ♪
♪ One quarter through life
Some godly-like thing created ♪
♪ Got rhymes 365 days annual plus some ♪
♪ Load up the mic and bust one ♪
♪ Cuss while I pus from my skull
'Cause it's pain in my brain vein ♪
♪ Money maintain
Don't go against the grain… ♪
[Javi in Spanish] Hi, Mom.
How are they treating you?
Are you okay? Are they treating you well?
-[Camila] Yes.
-[Javi] Hmm.
And everyone knows
that my uncle has blessed me?
Yes. I just worry.
I'm going to be there in two days.
A lot can happen in two days, son.
Listen, I'm not going to lose the kingdom.
I'll be there the day after tomorrow.
[in English] Okay.
[in Spanish] I'm doing the work
that your brother simply couldn't do.
Hmm.
No running around with women, okay?
Don't worry.
You're going to be very proud, Mom.
I promise you.
-["One Time 4 Your Mind" by Nas playing]
-[in English] ♪ Well, a cappella rhymes ♪
♪ Will make me richer
Than a slipper made Cinderella, fella ♪
♪ Go get your crew, Hobbes
I'm prepared to bomb troops… ♪
[horn honks]
♪ When I was ten
I was a hip-hoppin' shorty wop… ♪
[music continues indistinctly]
♪ One time for your mind, one time
Yeah, whatever ♪
[phone ringing]
[Three] Where are you?
Are you okay?
How the fuck did this happen?
I don't-- I don't know.
I-I don't-- I don't understand any of it.
I know.
So, where are you?
-Ruth.
-Um…
Uh, what are-- what are the cops saying?
Ruth, you know who did it, don't you?
Is that where you are?
Please just come home.
Soon, I-- soon, I promise.
Wyatt would hate your doing this.
Please.
I love you.
[shudders]
[exhales]
[sniffling]
[Cade] God damn it,
Ruthie, where are they?
I know it was you
that took the fucking cigarettes.
-You hear me?
-[TV playing]
-[exhales]
-[Cade] I know you ain't asleep, girl.
-I know you can hear me.
-[exhales]
[Cade] Come on, now.
-Just tell Daddy where you hid 'em.
-[exhales]
[woman] You really think I need this shit,
living in this junkyard?
[man] Like where you came from
things are better.
[woman] Oh, you're right about that.
I traded one shithole for another
and one asshole for another.
[door slams shut]
[man] Fuck you doing?
The boys are sleeping.
[woman] Oh, now you care?
[man] Someone's got to.
[woman] How about those times
I'm on my shift,
and you leave the boys all alone
and go wherever the fuck you go?
You care then?
[man] Shut the fuck up.
[woman] Or what, you little bitch?
You gonna cry like a baby
'cause you ain't a man?
That's for goddamn sure.
-[Ruth] Hey, Wyatt.
-[woman] You're all trash.
I'm getting the fuck out of here.
[man] Go ahead, then.
Get the fuck out
and don't fucking come back, bitch!
[door slams shut]
[car door opens, closes]
[engine turns over]
[Ruth exhales]
[Wyatt sighs]
-["NY State of Mind" playing]
-♪ Hand me a nine and I'll defeat foes ♪
♪ Y'all know my steelo
With or without the airplay ♪
♪ I keep some E&J… ♪
Um, can I get a refill to go?
♪ Betting Grants with the Cee-Lo champs
Laughing at base heads ♪
♪ Trying to sell some broken amps
G-packs get off quick ♪
♪ Forever niggas talk shit ♪
♪ Reminiscing about
The last time the task force flipped ♪
♪ Niggas be running
Through the block shooting ♪
♪ Time to start the revolution
Catch a body… ♪
[waitress] Here you go, sweetie.
♪ Once they caught us off guard
The MAC-10 was in the grass ♪
♪ And I ran like a cheetah
With thoughts of an assassin ♪
♪ Picked the MAC up, told brothers… ♪
[man 1] Everybody hates him,
his employees, everybody.
-[man 2] You know what I mean.
-[man 1] The customers.
[man 2] He's going full in.
Yeah, he's leaning into it.
[man 1] You know that's right.
Straight up.
[man 4] And hey--
-[man 2] He's from Florida.
-[man 3] Straight up.
-[man 2] He's on that other shit.
-[man 1] And he don't pay no state tax.
[man 2] I mean, sure enough. I get it.
Uh, sorry. I-I just wanted to say
I really love your shit. [chuckles]
I appreciate you. Thank you.
[hesitates] Anyway, uh…
-[chuckles]
-What you bumping?
Oh, uh…
Nothing. Just stuck in the past.
♪ There was a snitch on the block
Getting niggas knocked ♪
♪ So hold your stash… ♪
-[man 1] All facts.
-♪ I know this crackhead ♪
♪ Who said she gotta smoke nice rock… ♪
[continues indistinct]
[chuckles]
It-- it always feels
to me like he hates it
and misses it all at once.
And he's only fucking 20.
You know, when I listen to that record,
his projects are in Queens,
and you can kinda see Manhattan,
and I've always thought it was so hopeful
and fucking cruel at the same time.
You ever wonder if he'd trade that record
if it meant
not having to go through all that shit?
I mean, if you gotta ask the question…
You should take it easy on the coffee.
Me? [chuckles]
I…
-I never sleep.
-Why not?
You know.
[exhales]
[man] Shaw Medical Solutions,
how may I help you?
Clare Shaw's office.
-One moment, please.
-[clears throat]
[woman] Clare Shaw's office.
[imitating Charlotte]
Hi, this is Charlotte Byrde.
I'm just calling to confirm the meeting
time for Marty and Wendy Byrde.
Ten o'clock.
Right. Ten o'clock. Thank you.
[Javi] I'm proposing that
we make this relationship long-term.
I'm willing to commit to five years
right now at a 20% price reduction.
Any agreement about donations
to your political organization,
you can negotiate separately.
I sense a catch.
No catch.
Just fair compensation.
In return,
I receive stock options in Shaw Medical.
I'm afraid that's impossible.
Giving you stock options
would out this entire arrangement.
Obviously, that can't happen.
[inhales] Uh, this is important to you,
this relationship, right?
It is.
This is important.
Which is why I think
maybe we take a moment,
let you get back to Mexico,
get your infrastructure set.
[chuckles] I mean, I'm sure Clare
can tell you a thing or two
about how hard it is
to transform a family business.
The stock will be in my mother's name.
She's not on any law enforcement list.
She's simply a citizen.
But she is the sister and the mother
of drug cartel leaders.
Well, I think what, uh,
Clare's trying to say is that--
What are we supposed to say your mother's
role is in the company, you know?
I mean, these, you know, companies, they--
they issue stock options,
and the shareholders, you know,
usually have some sort of explanation.
[Javi] Hmm.
Your shareholders will be happy
if your company does well, hmm?
Perceptions are fluid.
Like power dynamics.
Case in point,
when I was in business school,
I had a professor who always treated me
as somehow lesser
than my other classmates.
Now that he runs the business school,
he's invited me to dinner
to discuss a donation.
Well, clearly, he's found a way
to incorporate my family's tile business
into the school endowment plans.
Speaking of which,
did you bring the financials
for my uncle's legitimate holdings?
I'd like these to be transferred
into my mother's name.
But those--
those are for your uncle's children.
Oh, they're family.
I'll make sure they're taken care of.
[horns honking]
[man] Hey, lady!
Get out of the fucking road!
[chattering]
-You know, it's a combination of the two.
-Right. I mean…
[Ruth] Ugh!
You stupid fucking chickenshit!
-Fucking fuck! Fuck!
-[cell phone vibrating]
[exhales] God.
What?
"What?" Are you serious?
What the fuck were you thinking?
Well, it doesn't matter.
I couldn't do it. I fucking froze.
Yeah, that's a good thing, Ruth.
No, not when you're trying
to kill someone, it ain't.
It means that--
that you care about your life,
and you're not willing to throw it away
over somebody like Javi.
Fuck off, Dr. Phil.
Hey, I'm serious.
No, I'm a fucking failure.
No, you-- Listen.
You're a-- you're a good person.
You just, you feel like shit.
Wendy fucking lied to me. She said
you were gonna help me get to him.
She was, uh, giving you time to cool down.
[Ruth] Bullshit!
She was protecting your fucking
Byrde family circle-jerk association
or whatever the fuck you call it.
You know I'm fucking right.
All I had to do was squeeze the trigger.
But you didn't, and that's--
that's gotta mean something, okay?
No, it means I can't do anything right.
Ruth, just go home, okay?
It's over. I'm serious.
You do not want this.
Just go home. You hear me?
Yeah.
[phone clicks, beeps]
["One Time 4 Your Mind" playing]
♪ Yeah, it's Illmatic, yeah! ♪
♪ Uh, it's Illmatic, yeah! ♪
♪ It's Illmatic ♪
[chuckles] ♪ Check it, hmm! ♪
♪ One time for your mind, one time
Yeah, whatever ♪
Yo, whatever ♪
♪ One time for your mind, one time… ♪
[voice mail] Hey, this is Wyatt,
leave a message.
[Ruth] They're looking at
fucking office space, Wy.
They're looking at offices
and meeting fucking business people
and making fucking deals.
♪ Then I send a shorty
From my block to the store for Phillies ♪
♪ After being blessed
By the herb's essence ♪
-[man] What?
-♪ I'm back to my rest, ten minutes… ♪
[voice mail] Hey, this is Wyatt,
leave a message.
[Ruth] They're building
a whole fucking life that should be ours.
♪ Picking up my stereo's remote control
Quickly, Ron G's in the… ♪
[laughing, chattering]
♪ I try to stay mellow rock ♪
♪ Well, a cappella rhymes'll make me
Richer than a slipper made Cinderella… ♪
[chattering continues]
♪ Y'all niggas was born
I shot my way out my mom dukes ♪
♪ When I was ten
I was a hip-hoppin' shorty wop ♪
♪ Known for rocking microphones
And twisting off a 40 top ♪
♪ Yeah, one time for your mind, one time ♪
♪ Yeah, whatever
One time for your mind, one time ♪
-♪ Yo, from '92 to '99, yeah ♪ [laughs]
-[man] What's up, man?
[Barton] Obviously, the entire educational
landscape took a huge financial hit.
[Javi] Hmm.
Unfortunately, we happened
to be more leveraged than most.
Not a very good advertisement
for a business school, huh?
-Hmm?
-[chuckles]
[Javi] I'm lucky.
The tile business has proven
to be recession-proof.
I'm actually in the midst
of diversifying my family assets.
[Barton] Hmm. Hmm.
I'm investing
in the pharmaceutical industry,
and we've made inroads
into the gaming and hotel business.
[Barton] That sounds good.
-[server] Hmm?
-Mm.
Sounds like you're in a perfect position
to make a donation to the business school.
Anonymous, obviously.
[Javi] Hmm.
And why is that obvious?
Well, I-- [sighs]
I just wanna protect you from people
with their hands out. [chuckles]
[chuckles]
May I be honest?
Of course.
[Javi] I used to think…
that you were not particularly interested
in my thoughts on business,
back when I was a student.
I just thought you were…
very private.
[Javi chuckles]
Actually, I was one
of the most social people in the class.
That-- that must have been my mistake.
[server] Thank you, gentlemen.
Por favor.
Please.
I'm just gonna run
to the washroom. [sighs]
Please excuse me.
[urinating]
[sighs]
[stops urinating]
-[scoffs]
-[continues urinating]
Is, uh… is-- is something wrong?
What if I offered you $2 million,
but I said I wanted my name on a building?
Or I could beat
the living shit out of you,
and the donation would be anonymous?
-[zipper zips]
-[Barton scoffs]
What'd you say?
[Javi] You heard me.
Why would you do that?
[Javi grunts]
[Barton yells, groans]
[panting]
[shouts]
[groaning]
-[thudding]
-[Barton shouts, groans]
[coughs]
-[flushing]
-[Barton gurgling]
[gags]
[coughs]
[panting]
[groans]
-[grunting]
-I'll have my people write the check.
[Barton groans]
-We lived in the part that was normal.
-[Wendy] Oh, yeah. Yeah.
-So people had horses and sprawling--
-[Marty] How was Iowa?
-[server] When you're ready.
-[Clare] Great.
-[Marty] Yeah?
-I loved-- I got this.
-I loved Iowa.
-We've never been to Iowa.
[Wendy] Mnh-mnh.
-You have something against Iowa?
-No, nothing against it. [laughs]
I don't know. It's very hilly.
[Ruth] We all paid up in here?
[inhales, clears throat]
We're going to her office.
I'm sorry. What-- what is it
you think you're doing here?
You told me he was on a plane to Mexico.
I lied.
[Clare] Uh, I don't understand.
What is going on?
I told you.
We're going to your fucking office.
Not unless I get an explanation we're not.
You said you were going home.
No, you told me to go home.
Big difference.
[Clare] Someone needs
to explain to me what is going on.
I'm not just gonna sit here
and be bullied or intimidated.
Tell her to take us to her office,
or I'll shoot her
in the fucking head right here.
-["Represent" playing]
-[man] Yo, what up, son?
[man 2] What up, son?
[rappers chattering]
-♪ Represent, represent! ♪
-♪ Yeah! ♪
-♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah! ♪
-♪ Represent, represent! ♪
-♪ Come on! ♪
-♪ Straight up, shit is real ♪
♪ And any day could be your last
In the jungle ♪
♪ Get murdered on a humble
Guns'll blast, niggas tumble ♪
♪ The corners is the hot spot ♪
♪ Full of mad criminals
Who don't care, guzzling beers ♪
-♪ We all stare at the out-of-towners ♪
-[man] Hey, yo, yo, who that?
♪ They better break north
Before we get the four pounders ♪
♪ And take their face off ♪
♪ The streets is filled with undercovers
Homicide chasing brothers ♪
-Fucking call him.
-[Clare] Who?
This is not what you want.
Is that right, Marty?
Tell me more about
what I do and don't fucking want.
Will someone please tell me
what is going on?
-Javi killed her cousin.
-Call him.
[Marty] Listen, I mean,
I know-- I know that you're hurting,
but you're gonna put
all of our lives in danger.
You're gonna put Jonah's life in danger.
She doesn't care.
[Marty] Ruth. Ruth. Look at me.
When I was afraid
that we were gonna be killed
and I needed someone
to take care of my kids, I went to you.
Because you're a good person
and I trust you.
And I know you.
This is not who you wanna be.
God.
[gasps] I used
to love to hear you fucking talk.
[Clare] I can give you money, okay?
Name a price. There are--
there are safes in this office.
Just-- just give me a number.
Bitch, you need to shut the fuck up!
[Marty] Ruth, please. Come on.
Javi dies, everything that we worked for
just falls apart.
Welcome to my fucking world.
You know
who you're in business with? [inhales]
They will tear everything you have
to the ground,
and somehow, they'll make you feel like
next time it'll all be different.
Because you wanna believe.
They'll make you feel like
they fucking care.
But Wendy,
she's fucking soulless.
She will rip your heart out of your chest
if it helps her get what she wants.
She's like a fucking predator
that doesn't even know
why it's killing anymore.
And Marty.
He pretends to care.
But, really,
he doesn't have any real emotion,
or else he's too fucking cunt-struck
to even know who he is anymore.
[scoffs]
Do you really think…
everything you do
is to protect your family?
Are you really that fucking shut down?
They've stolen people's businesses.
They drag their kids
into every part of the drug business.
They've had people killed.
Do you honestly believe
every story they've ever told you?
[Wendy] You've said enough.
[dialing]
[ringing]
[Ruth sighs, sniffles]
Javi, it's Wendy Byrde.
Listen, I-I know it's late,
but we're all here in Clare's office,
and we've managed to talk her
into giving you the stock options.
She's-- she's drawing up the paperwork,
so, if you could swing by,
we could get it in your hands
before you fly back to Mexico tomorrow.
Great.
See you soon.
We'll put some champagne on ice.
You don't have to do this.
You can be something else.
She knows.
I'm so sorry we let you down.
Felicidades. Please--
How much of that was true?
We need to wipe down every surface.
[sobbing]
[sniffles]
[panting]
-[engine turns over]
-["NY State of Mind" playing]
♪ Full of villains and creeps
That's where I learned to do my hustle ♪
♪ Had to scuffle with freaks ♪
♪ I'm an addict for sneakers
20s of buddah and bitches with beepers ♪
♪ In the streets, I can greet ya
About blunts, I teach ya… ♪
[tires screech]
♪ I never sleep
'Cause sleep is the cousin of death ♪
♪ I lay puzzled
As I backtrack to earlier times ♪
♪ Nothing's equivalent
To the New York state of mind ♪ [echoes]
♪ Your state of mind ♪
♪ Your state of mind ♪ [echoes]
[scatting]
[record scratches]
[theme music playing]